07:43 AM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: False

07:43 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

07:43 AM - Error
Exception on CheckServices: Login failed for user 'sa2'.

07:43 AM - Error
Exception on ProcessQueue: Login failed for user 'sa2'.

07:50 AM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: False

07:50 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

07:50 AM - Error
Exception on sending email to multisoft.admin@gmail.com: System.Net.Mail.SmtpException: The SMTP server requires a secure connection or the client was not authenticated. The server response was: 5.7.0 Authentication Required. Learn more at
   at System.Net.Mail.MailCommand.CheckResponse(SmtpStatusCode statusCode, String response)
   at System.Net.Mail.MailCommand.Send(SmtpConnection conn, Byte[] command, MailAddress from, Boolean allowUnicode)
   at System.Net.Mail.SmtpTransport.SendMail(MailAddress sender, MailAddressCollection recipients, String deliveryNotify, Boolean allowUnicode, SmtpFailedRecipientException& exception)
   at System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient.Send(MailMessage message)
   at MultisoftServicesMonitor.CommonMethods.SendEmail(SqlConnection connection, String[] messages, Nullable`1 emailsToSend, String serviceName) in C:\Users\MultisoftOJT\Documents\GitHub\OJT\OJTWindowsService\MultisoftServicesMonitor\CommonMethods.cs:line 212

07:50 AM - Stop MultisoftServicesMonitor
MultisoftServicesMonitor have stopped 

07:52 AM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: False

07:52 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

07:52 AM - Error
Exception on sending email to multisoft.admin@gmail.com: System.Net.Mail.SmtpException: The SMTP server requires a secure connection or the client was not authenticated. The server response was: 5.7.0 Authentication Required. Learn more at
   at System.Net.Mail.MailCommand.CheckResponse(SmtpStatusCode statusCode, String response)
   at System.Net.Mail.MailCommand.Send(SmtpConnection conn, Byte[] command, MailAddress from, Boolean allowUnicode)
   at System.Net.Mail.SmtpTransport.SendMail(MailAddress sender, MailAddressCollection recipients, String deliveryNotify, Boolean allowUnicode, SmtpFailedRecipientException& exception)
   at System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient.Send(MailMessage message)
   at MultisoftServicesMonitor.CommonMethods.SendEmail(SqlConnection connection, String[] messages, Nullable`1 emailsToSend, String serviceName) in C:\Users\MultisoftOJT\Documents\GitHub\OJT\OJTWindowsService\MultisoftServicesMonitor\CommonMethods.cs:line 212

07:54 AM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: False

07:54 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

08:03 AM - Error
Exception on sending email to multisoft.admin@gmail.com: System.Net.Mail.SmtpException: The SMTP server requires a secure connection or the client was not authenticated. The server response was: 5.7.0 Authentication Required. Learn more at
   at System.Net.Mail.MailCommand.CheckResponse(SmtpStatusCode statusCode, String response)
   at System.Net.Mail.MailCommand.Send(SmtpConnection conn, Byte[] command, MailAddress from, Boolean allowUnicode)
   at System.Net.Mail.SmtpTransport.SendMail(MailAddress sender, MailAddressCollection recipients, String deliveryNotify, Boolean allowUnicode, SmtpFailedRecipientException& exception)
   at System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient.Send(MailMessage message)
   at MultisoftServicesMonitor.CommonMethods.SendEmail(SqlConnection connection, String[] messages, Nullable`1 emailsToSend, String serviceName) in C:\Users\MultisoftOJT\Documents\GitHub\OJT\OJTWindowsService\MultisoftServicesMonitor\CommonMethods.cs:line 212

08:04 AM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: False

08:04 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

08:04 AM - Run Periodic Logger
ServiceName: MultisoftServicesMonitor, ServiceStatus: Start Pending, HostName: DESKTOP-UFSVUGM, LogBy: PeriodicLogger


08:04 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
ServiceName: MultisoftServicesMonitor, LastStart: 4/27/2023 8:03:57 AM, LastEventLog: Service stopped successfully.


08:21 AM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: False

08:21 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

08:21 AM - Run Periodic Logger
ServiceName: Service1, ServiceStatus: Running, HostName: DESKTOP-UFSVUGM, LogBy: PeriodicLogger


08:21 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
ServiceName: Service1, LastStart: 4/27/2023 8:19:39 AM, LastEventLog: Service started successfully.


08:24 AM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: True

08:24 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

08:24 AM - Run Periodic Logger
ServiceName: Service1, ServiceStatus: Stopped, HostName: DESKTOP-UFSVUGM, LogBy: PeriodicLogger


08:24 AM - Run PeriodicLogger
ServiceName: Service1, LastStart: 4/27/2023 8:21:46 AM, LastEventLog: Service stopped successfully.


08:24 AM - Status Changed
Service: Service1, Status: Running

08:24 AM - Status Changed
Service: Service1, Status: Stopped

