12:36 PM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: True

12:36 PM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

12:36 PM - 
hi

12:37 PM - 
hi

12:37 PM - 
hi

12:37 PM - 
hi

12:37 PM - 
hi

12:37 PM - 
hi

12:37 PM - Stop MultisoftServicesMonitor
MultisoftServicesMonitor have stopped 

12:49 PM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: True

12:49 PM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

12:49 PM - Stop MultisoftServicesMonitor
MultisoftServicesMonitor have stopped 

12:50 PM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: True

12:50 PM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

12:50 PM - Stop MultisoftServicesMonitor
MultisoftServicesMonitor have stopped 

12:52 PM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: True

12:52 PM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

12:53 PM - Stop MultisoftServicesMonitor
MultisoftServicesMonitor have stopped 

12:54 PM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: True

12:54 PM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

12:54 PM - Delete Logs
Deleted log file: ServiceLog_20230419.txt
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 3

12:54 PM - Delete Logs
Deleted log file: ServiceLog_20230420.txt
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 3

12:56 PM - Stop MultisoftServicesMonitor
MultisoftServicesMonitor have stopped 

01:23 PM - Run RealTimeLogger
enabled_RealTimeLogger: True

01:23 PM - Run PeriodicLogger
checkServicesEveryXMinute: 30

01:23 PM - Delete Logs
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 1

01:23 PM - Delete Logs
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 1

01:23 PM - Delete Logs
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 1

01:24 PM - Delete Logs
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 1

01:24 PM - Delete Logs
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 1

01:24 PM - Delete Logs
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 1

01:24 PM - Delete Logs
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 1

01:24 PM - Delete Logs
deleteLogsXDaysOld: 1

01:24 PM - Stop MultisoftServicesMonitor
MultisoftServicesMonitor have stopped 

